threatbus/README.md, before:

# OpenCTI Threat Bus Connector

This connector enables communication between OpenCTI and [Threat Bus](https://github.com/tenzir/threatbus), the threat intelligence dissemination layer for open-source security tools. Using this connector, you can deeply integrate your OpenCTI threat intelligence with both detection tools and databases, like [VAST](https://github.com/tenzir/vast), [Zeek](https://github.com/zeek/zeek), or [CIF-3](https://github.com/csirtgadgets/bearded-avenger). Indicator updates in OpenCTI will almost immediately find their way deep into your monitoring tools for retro- and live-matching. Vice versa, matches (sightings) generated by other tools will be reported back to the OpenCTI connector and show up in the `Sightings` tab on the Indicator web-view.

### How it works

The connector acts a bi-directional funnel for STIX-2 Indicators and Sightings. It consumes the OpenCTI *events stream* (SSE) to process indicator updates in near-real time and forwards STIX-2 indicators to Threat Bus via [ZeroMQ](https://zeromq.org/). At the same time, the connector subscribes itself to the Threat Bus topic for STIX-2 Sightings. Whenever new sightings are published on the bus, the connector forwards them to OpenCTI via API calls. You can inspect the sightings in the Observations > Indicators > Sightings tab. Sightings always refer to a relation between the indicator and the Threat Bus organization (a free-form name you can configure via the setting `connector.entity_name`, see below).

### Configuration

The connector requires a configuration file or certain environment variables to start up. See the following table for details.

| Config Parameter                | Environment Variable          | Mandatory | Description |
| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| `opencti.url`                   | `OPENCTI_URL`                 | Yes       | The URL of the OpenCTI platform. |
| `opencti.token`                 | `OPENCTI_TOKEN`               | Yes       | The default admin token configured in the OpenCTI platform parameters file. |
| `connector.id`                  | `CONNECTOR_ID`                | Yes       | A valid arbitrary `UUIDv4` that must be unique for this connector. |
| `connector.type`                | `CONNECTOR_TYPE`              | Yes       | Must be `STREAM` (this is the connector type). |
| `connector.name`                | `CONNECTOR_NAME`              | Yes       | An arbitrary name for this connector. Unused. |
| `connector.scope`               | `CONNECTOR_SCOPE`             | Yes       | Must be `threatbus`. |
| `connector.confidence_level`    | `CONNECTOR_CONFIDENCE_LEVEL`  | Yes       | The confidence_level of relationships created by the connector. Unused. |
| `connector.log_level`           | `CONNECTOR_LOG_LEVEL`         | Yes       | The log level for this connector, could be `debug`, `info`, `warn` or `error`. |
| `connector.entity_name`         | `CONNECTOR_ENTITY_NAME`       | Yes       | The name for a STIX-2 entity (e.g., the organization in which the connector is used). Used to report Sightings of Indicators as part of this STIX-2 entity.|
| `connector.entity_description`  | `CONNECTOR_ENTITY_DESCRIPTION`| Yes       | The description for the STIX-2 entity. See above.
| `threatbus.zmq_host`            | `THREATBUS_ZMQ_HOST`          | Yes       | The Threat Bus host (IP address or hostname). |
| `threatbus.zmq_port`            | `THREATBUS_ZMQ_PORT`          | Yes       | The Threat Bus ZMQ management port spawned by the [ZMQ-App plugin](https://docs.tenzir.com/threatbus/plugins/apps/zmq-app). |

## Installation & Usage

This section covers both the installation of the connector and basic installation instructions for a Threat Bus endpoint to connect with.

### Install and Run the Connector

You can run the connector either locally or via Docker.

#### Local Setup

We recommend using a virtual environment for local instalations. Use `pip` to install the `src/requirements.txt` file.

```
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r src/requirements.txt
```

Copy the `config.yml.example` and modify it accordingly for your setup. See above for details about parameter values. You can then simply invoke the connector directly:

```
cp src/config.yml.example src/config.yml
# vim src/config.yml    # change parameters
python src/connector.py
```

#### Docker Setup

Build a local container image to run the latest version of the connector via Docker. We use the Docker tag `:rolling` to indicate that this is a local image.

```
docker build -t opencti/connector-threatbus:rolling .
```

If you started your OpenCTI setup using docker-compose, you can simply add a service snip for this connector to your OpenCTI `docker-compose-dev.yaml`. See the `docker-compose.yaml` file in this folder for an example. Change the image tag to `:rolling` to use the container you just built in the step above. 


### Install and Run Threat Bus

[Threat Bus](https://github.com/tenzir/threatbus) is [plugin-based](https://docs.tenzir.com/threatbus/plugins/overview). This connector is designed to subscribe to Threat Bus via [ZeroMQ](https://zeromq.org/). To use it with Threat Bus, please install the Threat Bus [ZMQ-App plugin](https://docs.tenzir.com/threatbus/plugins/apps/zmq-app) on your Threat Bus host. We recommend using a virtual environment for local installations.

```
virtualenv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install threatbus threatbus-zmq-app
```

See the [docs](https://docs.tenzir.com/threatbus/plugins/apps/zmq-app) for more detailed instructions.

Once installed, you can start Threat Bus and all installed plugins directly from the CLI:

```
threatbus -c threatbus-config.yaml
```

If the ZMQ-app plugin is installed correctly, it is ready to receive indicators from and publish sightings to the OpenCTI connector. From here on, Threat Bus handles indicator distribution to all subscribed tools, such as [VAST](https://github.com/tenzir/vast) or [Zeek](https://github.com/zeek/zeek) in near-real time.

Commit message:

Add config option to respect detection toggle

threatbus/README.md, after:

# OpenCTI Threat Bus Connector

This connector enables communication between OpenCTI and [Threat Bus](https://github.com/tenzir/threatbus), the threat intelligence dissemination layer for open-source security tools. Using this connector, you can deeply integrate your OpenCTI threat intelligence with both detection tools and databases, like [VAST](https://github.com/tenzir/vast), [Zeek](https://github.com/zeek/zeek), or [CIF-3](https://github.com/csirtgadgets/bearded-avenger). Indicator updates in OpenCTI will almost immediately find their way deep into your monitoring tools for retro- and live-matching. Vice versa, matches (sightings) generated by other tools will be reported back to the OpenCTI connector and show up in the `Sightings` tab on the Indicator web-view.

### How it works

The connector acts a bi-directional funnel for STIX-2 Indicators and Sightings. It consumes the OpenCTI *events stream* (SSE) to process indicator updates in near-real time and forwards STIX-2 indicators to Threat Bus via [ZeroMQ](https://zeromq.org/). At the same time, the connector subscribes itself to the Threat Bus topic for STIX-2 Sightings. Whenever new sightings are published on the bus, the connector forwards them to OpenCTI via API calls. You can inspect the sightings in the Observations > Indicators > Sightings tab. Sightings always refer to a relation between the indicator and the Threat Bus organization (a free-form name you can configure via the setting `connector.entity_name`, see below).

### Configuration

The connector requires a configuration file or certain environment variables to start up. See the following table for details.

| Config Parameter                | Environment Variable          | Mandatory | Description |
| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| `opencti.url`                   | `OPENCTI_URL`                 | Yes       | The URL of the OpenCTI platform. |
| `opencti.token`                 | `OPENCTI_TOKEN`               | Yes       | The default admin token configured in the OpenCTI platform parameters file. |
| `connector.id`                  | `CONNECTOR_ID`                | Yes       | A valid arbitrary `UUIDv4` that must be unique for this connector. |
| `connector.type`                | `CONNECTOR_TYPE`              | Yes       | Must be `STREAM` (this is the connector type). |
| `connector.name`                | `CONNECTOR_NAME`              | Yes       | An arbitrary name for this connector. Unused. |
| `connector.scope`               | `CONNECTOR_SCOPE`             | Yes       | Must be `threatbus`. |
| `connector.confidence_level`    | `CONNECTOR_CONFIDENCE_LEVEL`  | Yes       | The confidence_level of relationships created by the connector. Unused. |
| `connector.log_level`           | `CONNECTOR_LOG_LEVEL`         | Yes       | The log level for this connector, could be `debug`, `info`, `warn` or `error`. |
| `connector.entity_name`         | `CONNECTOR_ENTITY_NAME`       | Yes       | The name for a STIX-2 entity (e.g., the organization in which the connector is used). Used to report Sightings of Indicators as part of this STIX-2 entity.|
| `connector.entity_description`  | `CONNECTOR_ENTITY_DESCRIPTION`| Yes       | The description for the STIX-2 entity. See above.|
| `connector.forward_all_iocs`    | `CONNECTOR_FORWARD_ALL_IOCS`  | Yes       | Set to `true` to forward all Indicators from OpenCTI to Threat Bus. Set to `false` to forward only those whith the `detection` attribute toggled on (`x_opencti_detection = true`).|
| `threatbus.zmq_host`            | `THREATBUS_ZMQ_HOST`          | Yes       | The Threat Bus host (IP address or hostname). |
| `threatbus.zmq_port`            | `THREATBUS_ZMQ_PORT`          | Yes       | The Threat Bus ZMQ management port spawned by the [ZMQ-App plugin](https://docs.tenzir.com/threatbus/plugins/apps/zmq-app). |

## Installation & Usage

This section covers both the installation of the connector and basic installation instructions for a Threat Bus endpoint to connect with.

### Install and Run the Connector

You can run the connector either locally or via Docker.

#### Local Setup

We recommend using a virtual environment for local instalations. Use `pip` to install the `src/requirements.txt` file.

```
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r src/requirements.txt
```

Copy the `config.yml.example` and modify it accordingly for your setup. See above for details about parameter values. You can then simply invoke the connector directly:

```
cp src/config.yml.example src/config.yml
# vim src/config.yml    # change parameters
python src/connector.py
```

#### Docker Setup

Build a local container image to run the latest version of the connector via Docker. We use the Docker tag `:rolling` to indicate that this is a local image.

```
docker build -t opencti/connector-threatbus:rolling .
```

If you started your OpenCTI setup using docker-compose, you can simply add a service snip for this connector to your OpenCTI `docker-compose-dev.yaml`. See the `docker-compose.yaml` file in this folder for an example. Change the image tag to `:rolling` to use the container you just built in the step above. 


### Install and Run Threat Bus

[Threat Bus](https://github.com/tenzir/threatbus) is [plugin-based](https://docs.tenzir.com/threatbus/plugins/overview). This connector is designed to subscribe to Threat Bus via [ZeroMQ](https://zeromq.org/). To use it with Threat Bus, please install the Threat Bus [ZMQ-App plugin](https://docs.tenzir.com/threatbus/plugins/apps/zmq-app) on your Threat Bus host. We recommend using a virtual environment for local installations.

```
virtualenv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install threatbus threatbus-zmq-app
```

See the [docs](https://docs.tenzir.com/threatbus/plugins/apps/zmq-app) for more detailed instructions.

Once installed, you can start Threat Bus and all installed plugins directly from the CLI:

```
threatbus -c threatbus-config.yaml
```

If the ZMQ-app plugin is installed correctly, it is ready to receive indicators from and publish sightings to the OpenCTI connector. From here on, Threat Bus handles indicator distribution to all subscribed tools, such as [VAST](https://github.com/tenzir/vast) or [Zeek](https://github.com/zeek/zeek) in near-real time.
