stream/splunk/README.md, before:

# OpenCTI Splunk connector

This connector allows organizations to feed a **Splunk** KV Store using OpenCTI knowledge.

## Installation

### Requirements

- OpenCTI Platform >= 5.0.0

### Configuration

| Parameter                            | Docker envvar                       | Mandatory    | Description                                                                                   |
| ------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------- | ------------ |-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `opencti_url`                        | `OPENCTI_URL`                       | Yes          | The URL of the OpenCTI platform.                                                              |
| `opencti_token`                      | `OPENCTI_TOKEN`                     | Yes          | The default admin token configured in the OpenCTI platform parameters file.                   |
| `connector_id`                       | `CONNECTOR_ID`                      | Yes          | A valid arbitrary `UUIDv4` that must be unique for this connector.                            |
| `connector_type`                     | `CONNECTOR_TYPE`                    | Yes          | Must be `STREAM` (this is the connector type).                                                |
| `connector_name`                     | `CONNECTOR_NAME`                    | Yes          | The name of the Splunk instance, to identify it if you have multiple Splunk connectors.       |
| `connector_scope`                    | `CONNECTOR_SCOPE`                   | Yes          | Must be `splunk`, not used in this connector.                                                 |
| `connector_confidence_level`         | `CONNECTOR_CONFIDENCE_LEVEL`        | Yes          | The default confidence level for created sightings (a number between 1 and 4).                |
| `connector_log_level`                | `CONNECTOR_LOG_LEVEL`               | Yes          | The log level for this connector, could be `debug`, `info`, `warn` or `error` (less verbose). |
| `splunk_url`                         | `SPLUNK_URL`                        | Yes          | The Splunk instances REST API URLs as array                                                   |
| `splunk_login`                       | `SPLUNK_LOGIN`                      | Yes          | The Splunk login users as array (same order as URLs)                                          |
| `splunk_password`                    | `SPLUNK_PASSWORD`                   | Yes          | The Splunk passwords as array (same order as URLs)                                            |
| `splunk_owner`                       | `SPLUNK_OWNER`                      | Yes          | The Splunk KV store owners as array (same order as URLs)                                      |
| `splunk_ssl_verify`                  | `SPLUNK_SSL_VERIFY`                 | Yes          | Enable the SSL certificate check for all instances (default: `true`)                          |
| `splunk_app`                         | `SPLUNK_APP`                        | Yes          | The app of the KV Store for all instances.                                                    |
| `splunk_kv_store_name`               | `SPLUNK_KV_STORE_NAME`              | Yes          | The name of the KV Store for all instances.                                                                    |

Commit message:

[splunk] Add splunk_ignore_types to README

stream/splunk/README.md, after:

# OpenCTI Splunk connector

This connector allows organizations to feed a **Splunk** KV Store using OpenCTI knowledge.

## Installation

### Requirements

- OpenCTI Platform >= 5.0.0

### Configuration

| Parameter                            | Docker envvar                       | Mandatory    | Description                                                                                   |
| ------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------- | ------------ |-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `opencti_url`                        | `OPENCTI_URL`                       | Yes          | The URL of the OpenCTI platform.                                                              |
| `opencti_token`                      | `OPENCTI_TOKEN`                     | Yes          | The default admin token configured in the OpenCTI platform parameters file.                   |
| `connector_id`                       | `CONNECTOR_ID`                      | Yes          | A valid arbitrary `UUIDv4` that must be unique for this connector.                            |
| `connector_type`                     | `CONNECTOR_TYPE`                    | Yes          | Must be `STREAM` (this is the connector type).                                                |
| `connector_name`                     | `CONNECTOR_NAME`                    | Yes          | The name of the Splunk instance, to identify it if you have multiple Splunk connectors.       |
| `connector_scope`                    | `CONNECTOR_SCOPE`                   | Yes          | Must be `splunk`, not used in this connector.                                                 |
| `connector_confidence_level`         | `CONNECTOR_CONFIDENCE_LEVEL`        | Yes          | The default confidence level for created sightings (a number between 1 and 4).                |
| `connector_log_level`                | `CONNECTOR_LOG_LEVEL`               | Yes          | The log level for this connector, could be `debug`, `info`, `warn` or `error` (less verbose). |
| `splunk_url`                         | `SPLUNK_URL`                        | Yes          | The Splunk instances REST API URLs as array                                                   |
| `splunk_login`                       | `SPLUNK_LOGIN`                      | Yes          | The Splunk login users as array (same order as URLs)                                          |
| `splunk_password`                    | `SPLUNK_PASSWORD`                   | Yes          | The Splunk passwords as array (same order as URLs)                                            |
| `splunk_owner`                       | `SPLUNK_OWNER`                      | Yes          | The Splunk KV store owners as array (same order as URLs)                                      |
| `splunk_ssl_verify`                  | `SPLUNK_SSL_VERIFY`                 | Yes          | Enable the SSL certificate check for all instances (default: `true`)                          |
| `splunk_app`                         | `SPLUNK_APP`                        | Yes          | The app of the KV Store for all instances.                                                    |
| `splunk_kv_store_name`               | `SPLUNK_KV_STORE_NAME`              | Yes          | The name of the KV Store for all instances.                                                   |
| `splunk_ignore_types`                | `SPLUNK_IGNORE_TYPES`               | Yes          | The list of entity types to ignore.                                                           |
